apm/php: clarify generic vs full instrumentation + pcntl incompatibility (#9874)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/compatibility_requirements/php.md

#### Web Framework Compatibility

> By default, Datadog **supports all PHP web frameworks** out of the box, with either Framework-Level instrumentation, or Generic Web Tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Datadog **supports all PHP web frameworks** out of the box, with either framework-level instrumentation, or generic web tracing.
```

> Framework-Level instrumentation includes tracing of internals methods and framework specific tagging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Framework-level instrumentation includes tracing of internal methods and framework specific tagging.
```

> Generic web tracing will include a `web.request` span to track latency and errors that originated from the call, in addition to spans for supported libraries — for example: database and HTTP clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generic web tracing includes a `web.request` span to track latency and errors that originated from the call, in addition to spans for supported libraries — for example: database and HTTP clients.
```

The following table enumerates some of the frameworks and versions Datadog successfully traces.

> **Web frameworks with internals tracing**:

Reviewer: I think we're being clear enough elsewhere in the doc we don't need to edit this line
```suggestion
**Web frameworks**:
```

| Symfony 4      | 4.x                  | All supported PHP versions | Framework-Level instrumentation |
| Symfony 5      | 5.x (as of `0.50.0`) | All supported PHP versions | Framework-Level instrumentation |
| WordPress      | 4.x, 5.x             | PHP 7+                     | Framework-Level instrumentation |
| Zend Framework | 1.12                 | All supported PHP versions | Framework-Level instrumentation |
| Zend Framework | 2.x                  | All supported PHP versions | Generic web tracing             |
| Yii            | 1.1, 2.0             | All supported PHP versions | Framework-Level instrumentation |
| Drupal         |                      | All supported PHP versions | Generic web tracing             |
| Magento        | 1, 2                 | All supported PHP versions | Generic web tracing             |
| Phalcon        | 1.3, 3.4             | All supported PHP versions | Generic web tracing             |
| Slim           | 2.x, 3.x, 4.x        | All supported PHP versions | Framework-Level instrumentation |
| Neos Flow      | 1.1                  | All supported PHP versions | Generic web tracing             |

> | FuelPHP        | 1.1                  | PHP 7+                     | Generic web tracing             |

Reviewer: For consistency, let's change instances of `Framework-Level` to `Framework-level` in this table.

Author: Good catch: https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/9874/commits/1c1be02182021888b6e3ce0265b2ab89dcb05f95

By default, Datadog **supports all PHP web frameworks** out of the box, which allows you to see traces for spans of supported libraries—for example: database and HTTP clients.

> For a growing set of web frameworks Datadog offers full instrumentation, including internals methods. Other frameworks still benefit from our generic web tracing, until Datadog will instrument the framework's internal methods.

Reviewer 2: I think let's be even clearer here and stick with the same terms. 

I'd say:

By default, Datadog supports all PHP web frameworks out of the box, with either Framework-Level Instrumentation(you can say Full if you want here but I think this sounds better), or Generic Web Tracing.

Framework-Level Instrumentation includes tracing of internals methods and framework specific tagging.

Generic web tracing will include a `web.request` span to track latency and errors that originated from the call. 

The following table enumerates some of the frameworks and versions Datadog successfully traces.

Then I'd update the table to use these two terms.

Author: I like the idea Andrew. Thanks for the feedback. Changing right away

Author: @andrewsouthard1 please review latest changes. Only one very small edit I have done if you agree:

`Generic web tracing will include a `web.request` span to track latency and errors that originated from the call [added], in addition to spans for supported libraries — for example: database and HTTP clients.[\added]`

The following table enumerates some of the frameworks and versions Datadog successfully traces.

**Web frameworks with internals tracing**:

| Module         | Versions             | Support Type               | Instrumentation level   |
|:-------------- |:---------------------|:---------------------------|:------------------------|
| CakePHP        | 2.x                  | All supported PHP versions | Fully instrumented      |
| CodeIgniter    | 2.x                  | PHP 7+                     | Fully instrumented      |

> | CodeIgniter    | 3.x                  | PHP 7+                     | Generic instrumentation |

Author: Here I split CI 2 and 3

Instrumenting [generators][6] is not supported on PHP 5 and PHP 7.

### PCNTL (Process control)

> We currently do not offer support for [pcntl][7]. Tracing applications that use functions like `pcntl_fork` will result in unpredictable results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently do not offer support for [pcntl][7]. Tracing applications that use functions such as `pcntl_fork` may result in unpredictable results.
```
